docs/documentation/make-first-prototype/create-pages.md, before:

# Create pages

## Open your project

### Mac

In Atom, select **File** then **Open**. Then select your project folder.

### Windows

In Atom, select **File** then **Open Folder**. Then select your project folder.

## Create pages by copying templates

Create pages by copying template files.

To copy a file in Atom:

1. Right-click a file in the folders list on the left and select **Copy**.
2. Right-click the folder you want to copy the file into and select **Paste**.   

### Create a start page

Copy the `start.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.

Preview the pages in your prototype by going to ht<span>tp</span>://localhost:3000/NAME-OF-HTML-FILE in your web browser. For example, go to [http://localhost:3000/start](http://localhost:3000/start) to preview `start.html`.

#### Change the service name

1. Open the `config.js` file in your `app` folder.
2. Change the value of the `serviceName` variable from `My service name` to `Apply for a juggling licence`.
3. Press Cmd+S on Mac or Ctrl+S on Windows to save your change.

This will change the service name on every page.

You must save every time you make a change to a file. Your changes will automatically show in your browser when you refresh the page.

### Question pages

Make 2 copies of the `question.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.

Rename the 2 file copies to:

- `juggling-balls.html`
- `juggling-trick.html`

Go to the following URLs to check your pages:

- http://localhost:3000/juggling-balls
- http://localhost:3000/juggling-trick

In the ‘juggling-balls.html’ file, change the text inside the `h1` tag from `Heading or question goes here` to `How many balls can you juggle?`.

In the ‘juggling-trick.html’ file, change the text inside the `h1` tag to `What is your most impressive juggling trick?`.

### 'Check your answers' page

Copy the `check-your-answers.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.

### Confirmation page

Copy the `confirmation.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.

[Next (link your pages together)](link-pages-together)

Commit message:

Update version of Prototype kit

docs/documentation/make-first-prototype/create-pages.md, after:

# Create pages

Create pages by copying template files that come with the Prototype Kit.

### Create a start page

Copy the `start.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.


To copy a file in Atom:

1. Right-click a file in the folders list on the left and select **Copy**.
2. Right-click the folder you want to copy the file into and select **Paste**.   

Preview the pages in your prototype by going to ht<span>tp</span>://localhost:3000/NAME-OF-HTML-FILE in your web browser. For example, go to [http://localhost:3000/start](http://localhost:3000/start) to preview `start.html`.

#### Change the service name

You'll normally edit the HTML to make changes to pages, but the service name is in a config file. This is so we can change it in one place to update it on every page in your prototype.

1. Open the `config.js` file in your `app` folder.
2. Change `serviceName` from `Service name goes here` to `Apply for a juggling licence`.
3. Press Cmd+S on Mac or Ctrl+S on Windows to save your change.

You must save every time you make a change to a file. In Atom, a dot appears in the tab for any file that has unsaved changes.

Normally your changes will automatically show in the browser without refreshing. But for this config change, you need to refresh the page. You should see your service name change on the Start page.

### Question pages

Make 2 copies of the `question.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.

Rename the 2 file copies to:

- `juggling-balls.html`
- `juggling-trick.html`

Go to the following URLs to check your pages:

- http://localhost:3000/juggling-balls
- http://localhost:3000/juggling-trick

In the `juggling-balls.html` file, change the text inside the `h1` tag from `Heading or question goes here` to `How many balls can you juggle?`.

In the `juggling-trick.html` file, change the text inside the `h1` tag to `What is your most impressive juggling trick?`.

### 'Check your answers' page

Copy the `check-your-answers.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.

### Confirmation page

Copy the `confirmation.html` file from `docs/views/templates` to `app/views`.

[Next (link your pages together)](link-pages-together)
